So I will go to Paris.
Going to London first for the conference and then
After that, I'm going to
trouble around a little bit.
I do need to see people because that's why I'm gonna go.
ha ha ha ha
And then I'll go to... ahh
what's the name of the city it's really near after you
across the Dover Channel.
the the I forgot that's where
Julia, Julia Mine, she lives there so we'll visit her.
I'm gonna see her in London too.
and then go down to Paris and then I'm gonna go to
(***) what is (***)
What does it say? Louisville Art Museum.
yeah and say hi to Mona Lisa
Monolisa oh
yeah yeah yeah it's really nice
I've been like five or six times, I think. But we went to Italy.
once and then we went to London and Paris. Was it the same trip? Two different trips?
Yeah.
So we went twice.
Yeah. Sorry, Mao. I need to go.
ha ha ha
Yeah, so that's something that I'm looking forward to.
ahhh yeah
the place
I mean, I've heard that.
This place is really great and I get there and it's like, oh, it's not that great.
like hokkaido's uh there is a clock tower oh yeah
I was like, what? This song? Yeah, that one.
Yeah. yeah yeah
ha ha ha
He's like, what?
Clark. Clark.
who who was who said that boys be ambitious in Christ.
(***)
oh wow  but they built it really small yeah
ha ha ha haThat's neat.
ahhhh
Wow.
Yeah. Then, I mean, this is not about the trip, but...
just listening to my story so my kikis
The castle is based on the Kochi castle.
where the founder, Pastor Okumura was born and raised, right?
And then the inside is imitating the church building.
which (***) which is in Osaka.
(***) Oh, inside?
So Makiki's inside is like this, right?
and then Osaka church where he served.
is like this. Exactly the same inside.
So they, he copied.
the image or the style.
of Osaka church where he grew up or he was trained so
yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, I didn't. Well, I knew about the Coachcastle, but when I went
to Osaka church as a part of the mission trip from Makiki.
Everybody's like, oh, this is monkey.
I mean they didn't have the ceiling where all the pictures were but yeah.
yeah
You have any place where you were like surprised that wasn't?
what you have (***) London?
oh
ah yeah Yes, everything is small.
narrow
Well, but that's where we were. We were in the apartment flats. That's why.
if you go to countryside of course it's much more yeah
Center City, yeah
you do
No, no, no, no, no. Even in the city. City? Yeah.
If you juggle around.
Because when I first went.
I went to London Japanese Christian Church and they have a house
It's about maybe 10 minutes from where we stayed.